I'm not your type. I'm not inflatable.
I'm out of my mind, but feel free to leave a message.
I'm really easy to get along with once you people learn to worship me.
In the dictionary under the word, “stupid,” it says, “see him.”
In the land of the witless, the half-wit is king.
Instead of being born again, why don’t you just grow up?
Is your name Amazon? You're so wide at the mouth.
Is your name Laryngitis? You're a pain in the neck.
It is mind over matter. I don’t mind, because you don’t matter.
It looks like your face caught fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
It's men like you that make women gay.
It's not the size that counts, it's the, umm, actually it is the size.
It's okay to be ugly, but aren't you overdoing it?
It's people like you that make people turn gay.
It's time to pull over and change the air in your head!
I've come across rotting bodies that are less offensive than you are.
I've seen more meat on a chicken than you
I've seen people like you before, but I had to pay admission!
I've seen people like you, but I had to pay admission!
Judging by the old saying, "What you don’t know can’t hurt you," he’s practically invulnerable.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent.
Keep talking. I always yawn when I'm interested.
KFC banned you for having a bigger bucket than them.
Learn from your parents' mistakes - use birth control!
Lets fight! Oh, and no using your pokemon.
Let's play horse. I'll be the front end and you be yourself.
Lets play house. You be the door and I'll slam you.
Listen, are you always this stupid or are you just making a special effort today?
Looking at you, I realize what a waste of skin you are.
Looks like you have congenital diarrhea. It runs down your 'genes'.
Make a mental note . . . oh, I see you’re out of paper!
Mirrors can't talk and lucky for you they can't laugh either!
Moonlight becomes you – total darkness even more!
My greatest fear is there is no such thing as PMS and this is really your personality.
My imaginary friend thinks you have serious mental problems.
My middle finger gets a boner when I think of you.
My other ride is your mom.
Never enter a battle of wits unarmed.
Never trust a dog to watch your food.
You got more chins than a chinese phone book.
Listen, are you always this stupid or are you just making a special effort today? 
I bet your brain feels as good as new, seeing that you've never used it.
Pardon me, but you're obviously mistaking me for someone who gives a damn. 
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works!
You must be an experiment in Artificial Stupidity.
You have a Titanic intellect in a world full of icebergs 
You're so stupid, you thought Taco Bell was a Mexican phone company. 